Q: Which of the following is the right sequence when developing software using the XP practice of Test First Programming?

○ Write a test Make sure the test fails Write enough code so the test passes Refactor as necessary
Write code Write a test Make the test pass Refactor as necessary
Design Write code Write a test
Write code Refactor as necessary Write a test Make the test pass

Q: Which XP practice prescribes that \"the code [always be] written by two programmers at one machine\"?

○ Pair Programming
Buddy Programming
Peer Programming
Twin Programming

Q: Which of the following are primary practices prescribed by XP?

○ Whole Team
○ Continuous Integration
○ Pair Programming
Daily Standups
Weekly Retrospectives

Q: One of the practices of XP is \"Whole Team\".  Which of the following statements align with its meaning?

○ All the skills necessary to deliver the software product should be present on the team. 
The whole team should be working together to meet the team's commitment
The whole team should always sit together in a room.
The whole team should be energized and passionate about the product they are building.

Q: If an XP team cannot provide an estimate for a story, what should they do to gain a better understanding of the story?

○ Create a spike story---a new story under which the team will do some research or other work to gain a better understanding of the original story.
Skip that story and exclude that story from the release.
No action required; keep the story with no estimates.
Provide their best guess based on what they know.

Q: According to XP's principles, what should you do when a story's acceptance test fails?

○ Create a bug report so it can be fixed.
Release the software without fixing; a few bugs are ok.
Extend the iteration's duration so the bug(s) can be fixed in the same iteration.
As a team, update the acceptance test so the test passes.

Q: What activities occur as part of XP's \"Weekly Planning\" practice?

○ Selecting the next week's work.
○ Breaking stories into smaller tasks.
○ Reviewing the previous week's progress.
Planning who is going to facilitate meetings for the rest of the week

Q: According to the concept of \"Whole Team\", which of the following statements are true?

○ If the team finds out that they need a particular skill in the team,  they can add a person with that skill to the team. 
○ It is not recommended for a team member to be part of multiple teams.
○ All of the skills the team needs to be successful should be in the team. 
The team members never change. Once a team member is part of the team, that team member always remain part of the team.

Q: An XP team is getting feedback more frequently than they can handle. What should they do?

○ Slow down the frequency of feedback.
Further increase the frequency and quantity of feedback.
Ignore the extra feedback. 
Work extra hours each day to address all of the feedback. 

Q: Which of the following statements are true about the XP value of \"Simplicity\"?

○ Select the simplest design that could possibly work.
Generalize your solution so it can work for unanticipated future requests.
No matter what you are building,  just choose a simple design even if it only partially solves the problem.
The software design for each component should fit on a single page.