Q: What is the main goal of the Build-Measure-Learn Cycle?

To go through the build-measure-learn cycle as fast as possible.
To make sure we do quality work through every step of this cycle.
To go through the build-measure-learn cycle as cheaply as possible.
To make sure we get lot of work done effectively in this cycle.

Q: What do we mean by Validated Learning?

Launch a product and then decide what we want to measure to validate.
Validating the assumptions by conducting an experiment and collecting data.
Listening to what the customer is saying.
Validate what you learned from your product with company leaders.

Q: Which of the following are principles of Lean startup?  Select all that apply.

Invest as little as possible and build inexpensive products
Validated Learning
Entrepreneurs are everywhere
Innovation Accounting

Q: Which of the following are true about Lean Startup?  Select two.

It is a concept applicable to startup companies only.
It is the best method to use for all kinds of development.
It is based on going through the Build-Measure-Learn cycle as fast as you can.
It relies on actual data rather than gut feelings to validate assumptions or ideas.

Q:  Why are traditional management principles ill-suited to the world of startups?

Because startups face chaos and uncertainty.  
Because startups can only be built with a “just do it” attitude.
Because building a startup is not the same as institution building.  

Q: When a startup 'pivots', what is it doing?

Ignoring its vision.  
Employing a revised strategy in an attempt to achieve its vision.  
Optimizing its product.  

Q: According to Ries, which of the following adjectives describes good startup metrics? Select all that apply.

Actionable  
Accessible  
Audience-Focused
Auditable  

Q: Which of the following are levels of Pirate Metrics? Select all that apply.

Revenue
Activation
Acquisition
Registration
Referral
Retention

Q: Which of the following are true about Pivot or Persevere? Select two.

Platform pivot: A change from an application to a platform or vice versa.   
Pivot means to close the startup company and start a new one.
Customer segment pivot: The product hypothesis is partially confirmed; it solves the right problem but for a different customer than originally anticipated.
Zoom-out pivot: What was previously considered a single feature in a product becomes the whole product.

Q: How do Vanity metrics prevent/inhibit pivoting?

Vanity metrics allow entrepreneurs to draw incorrect conclusions.  Based on these metrics, they assume that the product is going in the right direction when it really isn't.   
Vanity metrics are the metrics that matter.
Vanity metrics are designed by leadership so no pivoting is necessary.
Vanity metrics are user-based collection which is always the right metrics to measure. 

Q: What are three ways that a past customer can drive sustainable growth?

By reporting defects in your product
Word-of-mouth referral
As side advertising due to usage of the product
Repeat purchase

Q: What are the characteristics of  \"Early Adopters\"?

Early adopters are actively seeking a solution to the problem your product solves.
They use the product only if it is reliable and of good quality.
They only use your product if it is free.
Early adopters will give you their time and honest feedback.

Q: What are leap-of-faith assumptions?

Assumptions that are the riskiest elements of a startup plan.
Assumptions that, if true, would result in a lot of revenue.
Assumptions that the organization made after getting the blessing of the stakeholders.

Q: Which of these attributes are favored by Lean startup? Select two.

Customer feedback  
Elaborate upfront planing  
Experimentation and Iteration  
Waterfall development  

Q: Who is an \"Intrapreneur\" ?

Entrepreneurs that work with other entrepreneurs.
A manager who promotes innovations within the company.
The opposite of an entrepreneur: someone who prevents innovation.